update flows samples to use v1 API (#2633)
knative/docs: docs/eventing/samples/parallel/multiple-branches/README.md

### Create the PingSource targeting the Parallel

> This will create a PingSource which will send a CloudEvent with
> `{"message": "Even or odd?"}` as the data payload every minute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This will create a PingSource that sends a CloudEvent with
`{"message": "Even or odd?"}` as the data payload every minute.
```
